Adding GitHub Request Template in .github repository (#238)
opensearch-project/.github: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/GITHUB_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Reviewer: Seems like there are choices that should be easier to visualize in a combo box.  See the [bug template](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_template.yml?plain=1) from OpenSearch for some other approaches that might make this more approachable.

Reviewer: @gaiksaya Also mentioned this but for required fields https://github.com/opensearch-project/.github/pull/238#issuecomment-2513231248

Author: Will update tomorrow with the required fields.

Author: Updated, thanks.

---
name: '❔ GitHub Request'

> about: 'Request update to permission / management / settings on opensearch-project GitHub organization and its repositories'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
about: 'Request an update to permissions/management/settings on the opensearch-project GitHub organization or its repositories.'
```

Author: Thanks, updated.

title: '[GitHub Request]'
labels: 'github-request'
assignees: ''
---

### What is the type of request?  
* _User Permissions (e.g., organization membership, repository access)_  
* _Repository Management (e.g., creation, deletion, settings updates)_  
* _GitHub Actions (e.g., higher-spec runners, GPU-enabled runners, troubleshooting)_  

> * _Others_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* _Other_
```

Author: Updated thanks.

### Where does this request apply?  
* _Repository_  
* _Organization_

### Details of your request  
_Describe the actions you are requesting (e.g., GitHub Actions in the`<repository> take too long to allocate runners)._

### If this is about a repository, did you contact the maintainer first?  

> _If yes, explain why you are opening this request after consulting with the maintainer._

Reviewer: What are you looking to get from this question>

Author: I am trying to check if that is something maintainers could do, but didnt.
Or does the user contact maintainer for repo level changes before contact the admins through this template.

Author: Removed this section.

### Additional information to support your request  

> _Provide reasons for your request. For example, if you request to add a new maintainer, confirm you followed the steps in the [Becoming a Maintainer](https://github.com/opensearch-project/.github/blob/main/RESPONSIBILITIES.md#becoming-a-maintainer) guide._

Reviewer: Do you think its worth making a separate template for that maintainer request type as it seems common

Author: Was thinking the same. Tho at the moment seems like this template could cover all of these cases in one take so I am a bit hesitate.
